# 1.x branch
## 1.1 branch
### 1.1.17
* no longer needs the me-tools package;
* no longer uses the `Exceptionist` class;
* provides its own `BodyParser` and `Entity` classes and no longer uses the ones provided by `php-tools`. The `BodyParser`
  provides its own `urlToAbsolute()` protected method;
* ready for `php-tools` 1.8;
* added tests for PHP 8.2.

### 1.1.16
* added the `LINK_SCANNER_TMP` constant. This constant, which can be defined before the plugin, affects all used files;
* many, small improvements proposed by phpstorm.

### 1.1.15
* the `LinkScannerCommand` also prints the total number of invalid links to the console;
* many, small code tweaks proposed by phpstorm;
* updated for php-tools 1.7.1 and me-tools 2.23.0.

### 1.1.14
* updated for CakePHP 4.4;
* little fixes for `phpstan`, `psalm` and for the `composer.json` file.

### 1.1.13
* little fixes for PHP 7.4;
* updated for `php-tools` 1.6.1.

### 1.1.12
* requires at least PHP 7.4 and CakePHP 4.3;
* added tests for PHP 8.1.
* little fixes.

### 1.1.11
* little fixes.

### 1.1.10
* fixed bug: with the command, using the `--export-only-bad-results` option, the
    `--export` option is set automatically and the file exported correctly (see
    [issue 35](https://github.com/mirko-pagliai/cakephp-link-scanner/issues/35)).

### 1.1.9
* `LinkScanner::_getResponse()` and `LinkScannerCommand::execute()` does not
    suppress PHPUnit exceptions (e.g., the `Deprecated` exception), which are
    throwned anyway;
* added `TestCase::getClientStub()`. This simplifies testing;
* ready for `cakephp` 4.3.

### 1.1.8
* fixed little bug for `LinkScanner::import()`, in catching exception messages;
* migration to github actions.

### 1.1.7
* fixed bug for `ScanEntity` when calling non-existent magic methods;
* extensive improvement of function descriptions and tags.

### 1.1.6
* ready for `php` 8.

### 1.1.5
* added `TestCase::getClientReturnsRedirect()` method;
* extensive improvement of function descriptions and tags. The level of `phpstan`
    has been raised;
* little fixes for PHP 7.4;
* ready for `phpunit` 9.

### 1.1.4
* updated for `php-tools` 1.4.5;
* added `phpstan`, so fixed some code.

### 1.1.3
* updated for `me-tools` 2.19.7 and `php-tools` 1.4.1.

### 1.1.2
* added `exportOnlyBadResults` option for `LinkScanner`. With a `true` value,
    only negative results will be considered when exporting. This allows you to
    save space for exported files. Added `--export-only-bad-results` option for
    `LinkScannerCommand`;
* `LinkScanner::canBeScanned()` method renamed as `_canBeScanned()`.

### 1.1.1
* small fixes to standardize to `cakephp` 4.

### 1.1.0
* updated for `cakephp` 4 and `phpunit` 8.

## 1.0 branch
### 1.0.8
* APIs are now generated by `phpDocumentor` and no longer by `apigen`.

### 1.0.7
* added tests for lower dependencies;
* no longer uses `File` and `Folder` classes;
* little fixes.

### 1.0.6
* `LinkScanner::import()` can no longer be called statically;
* little fixes;
* updated for `php-tools` `1.2.6`.

### 1.0.5
* now it correctly handles the url with the trailing slash or the `www` prefix.

### 1.0.4-RC2
* now it can load a configuration file;
* removed `LinkScanner::setFullBaseUrl()` method. The full base url can be set
    as class configuration.

### 1.0.3-RC1
* some little fixes.

### 1.0.2-beta
* updated for `php-tools` 1.1.12;
* added [API](//mirko-pagliai.github.io/cakephp-link-scanner).

### 1.0.1-beta
* second release.

### 1.0.0-beta
* first release.
